Mathieu Deschamps is the founder of ScourGE (www. scourge . ft), which
provides open source software/hardware innovation services to its clients. They
are leaders in the fields of telecommunication, mobile communication, industrial
processes, and decision support systems.

He is an R&D business consultant and a trainer. Also, since 2003, he has been an
independent tech-driver, involved in many large and small scale projects around
GNU/Linux, Android, embedded systems engineering, and security.

Mark Furman, author of OpenVZ Essentials, currently works as a systems
engineer for Info-Link Technologies. He has been in the IT field for over 10 years
and specializes in Linux and other open source technologies. In his spare time, he
enjoys writing and reviewing books on Linux and other open source technologies
as well as tinkering with Arduino, Python, and Raspberry I’i projects at Knox Labs,
a Hackerspace located in Knox County, OH.

Klaas van Gend graduated in systems and control engineering at Eindhoven
University of Technology in the Netherlands. He worked for companies, including
Philips, Siemens, and Bosch, writing software for printer prototypes, video encryption,
car infotainment, medical equipment, industrial automation, and navigation systems.
In 2004, he switched over to MontaVista Software, which was the market leader

for embedded Linux. As a systems architect and consultant, he worked with many
companies all over Europe, integrating embedded Linux into their products.

For the last few years, he has been working as a trainer and consultant for Vector
Fabrics, a small start-up specializing in multi-core programming and software
dynamic analysis. He teaches multi-core programming in C and C++ and helps
customers improve software performance by utilizing hardware resources in a
better way. Vector Fabrics' Pareon tool suite also automatically finds hard-to-find
dynamic bugs, including data races, buffer overruns, use-after-free for heap and
stack variables, and memory leaks.

